## Inspiration

First of all, this product came to our mind when the 19-day covid translation poses a threat to the world, we wanted to limit people's contact with people in currency exchange. Stellar seems to be the best fit in this case, beside that we also want to make it easier to split bills between friends (This we use a lot every day but There isn't really an easy application for this yet).

## What it does

There are 3 main threads in our application:
Invoice owner will create an invoice containing parameters of the amount to be paid, these parameters will be recorded as QR code.
Payers scan a QR code to pay, with each person scanning the software recalculating and dividing the initial amount evenly among those who scanned the code generated by the billing owner.
Finally, the invoice owner will check the transactions created, when the total amount of amount is enough with the original invoice, the bill owner will activate the created transaction by paying the fee and submit it to the Stellar network.

## How I built it
Our product includes 3 main parts:
Server built with Golang with the goal of receiving and navigating events such as recalculating the amount of money to pay each person when more people scan the QR code.
The UI part is built using Flutter and stores the user's private keys and user interactions.
Wrap JS: Functions built on Stellar's SDKs to interact with the blockchain network are wrapped up so they can run on the flutter.

## Architecture Diagram
(Update soon)

## Challenges I ran into

First, for mobile implementation, we haven't really found a prototype built on flutter so we tried to propose interoperability with the stellar network using the wrapped Stellar SDK JS.

## Accomplishments that I'm proud of

We are proud of everyone working together to come up with the idea and implement it, and when we have a problem, sit down together and find ways to overcome it. If the product can run practically, we think it will limit the infection of covid 19.

## What I learned
After building the product, we became more proficient with the Stellar SDK, as well as learned how to teamwork when WFH. We also learned a lot about the new features of protocols 13 and 14.

## What's next for 

We will integrate more features to turn the application into a complete wallet, transfer money, donate social funds, and will improve the security of users' secret keys, as well as building a more decentralized application.
